#### Java Developer at Comtek (contractor of NXP) (Feb 2014 – Jun 2018. 4 years 5 months)

**Location**: Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation

There ware two projects: CodeWarrior for MSU(Freescale) and S32 Design Studio (NXP). Freescale was acquired by NXP.

My work experiences started with support [CodeWarrior for MCU](https://www.nxp.com/support/developer-resources/software-development-tools/codewarrior-development-tools/codewarrior-legacy/codewarrior-development-studios/codewarrior-for-microcontrollers/codewarrior-for-mcus-eclipse-ide-coldfire-56800-e-dsc-kinetis-qorivva-56xx-rs08-s08-s12z-v11.0:CW-MCU10) project job. CodeWarrior for MSU is an Eclipse-based IDE. C/C++ support is implemented by a custom version of CDT. ClearQuest was used to track issues. The source code was stored in AccuRev SCM. Mostly I did bug fixes. On this project, I managed to improve the build system by replacing some manual actions with the ant build script.


The next project was [S32 Design Studio family products]( http://www.nxp.com/products/microcontrollers-and-processors/arm-processors/s32-arm-processors-microcontrollers/s32-design-studio-ide:S32DS). It’s four products: S32DS ARM, S32DS E200, S32DS Vision, and DS3.0. The new project was started from scratch with new infrastructure: Jira, Jenkins, git. I developed a build system based on maven and tycho. Jenkins was used as CI server but any user at any time was able to build any version of any product having only maven and git installed on her PC.
I adapted the license system from CodeWarrior, switched it to a new backend (jni bind), and redesigned it's UI to meet new requirements. I participated in a domain model design and backend implementation of the New Project Wizard. Also, I improved the New Project Wizard performance by 2-10 times depends on the cases.
I developed an Import/Export subsystem for IAR Workbench’s ProjectInfo.xml format. This subsystem includes model matching and heuristics to minimize possible errors in import and export operations.
Also, I participated to Launch Configuration creation unification.

**Technology stack and tools**:
* Eclipse RCP
* OSGi
* SWT
* maven/tycho
* git
